The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Some people think it would be better if all fights were five rounds,
like a, like a world kickboxing fight.
And that guys would just also fight harder.
They would just go after each other for five.
Rounds. It would definitely be more entertaining. I wonder.
Man, you know, it's like, you want to see a good fight,
but do you want to see guys sort of pace
themselves to try to fight 12 rounds?
Or do you want to see guys go ham for six rounds? Like what's better.
I don't know. It's a good argument. You know, the,
the best argument that I ever heard, um,
about about fights is the one where for AZA Hobie was talking about the other
day. And I agree with him a hundred percent, like why you have a time limit?
Just like start the fight. Like, let's see what happens.
Like let people figure out when to, when to expend their energy, like,
why is there breaks? Why do you have breaks? You should.
I mean, if we had it like the early days of the UFC,
then you would really understand all the nuances of comedy.
You really can't sprint. Cause if you,
if you hurt someone and you don't take them out, you're going to get exhausted.
He blew all your energy out and the fight goes on forever.
It goes on until somebody wins.
That's when you really find out what fighting is.
But if you're going to have boxing like boxing, those rounds like three minutes,
three minute rounds is a with just your hands. You can,
you can get a lot of action in there if you made that up to five, six rounds,
but I don't know, it's nothing wrong. It's also a great thing.
Seeing someone slowly figure somebody out or a five, six rounds,
and then start working them in the seventh, eighth, ninth, and 10th,
and get a knockout in the 11th or something like that.
It's always interesting to see someone break someone's style down,
figure them out, impose their will,
and then also see their conditioning as the fight goes on,
their superior conditioning, play out.
There's some guys that just don't get tired, man.
Those are the ones that I love, especially in UFC. Yeah.
Nate Colby, yo Ana, these people.
Colby and Guzman this weekend. That's a big one.
That's a big one with two guys with enormous gas tanks.
What a fascinating fight that is to me because people want to pretend Colby
can't fight.
I know, right? When someone's a bad guy,
that it sways everything in their reasonable, rational mind.
It's so crazy watching what he did to Robbie Lawler makes someone so undeniable
that it's ridiculous. Meanwhile.
Dylan did. Now they're in less denial though,
than they would be there in less denial than they would be. It's a real problem.
He's a real problem because that style of
shit-talking is infuriating.
And you can't say a thing to him because he's in a character.
So if he you off, you say something back to him. Yeah.
Why don't you go suck Trump's Dick. You'd be like I would, Mr. Trump is good,
man. I bet it's dictates like lollipops was, he could say whatever.
Juan Colby gets it, man. He gets it.
He's full Rick old-school Rick flare with a new style twist. And it's,
he's a real fighter man. Yeah.
A real fighter. He's absolutely one of the best welterweights in the world.
And this is a very, very close fight. But Kamara Uzman, um,
is he's a tank of a man. He's a spectacular athlete.
He's got big power. I mean, he only has,
I think a couple knockouts in his career,
but it's because he's learned how to Kickbox after he learned how to wrestle,
he was an elite wrestler,
but he does put people away and he hurt Tyron Woodley and he beat him standing.
And Tyron is a fan. And I don't think Tyron was at his best in that fight.
I think there was some issues that Tyron had. Uh,
but it doesn't take anything away from,
[inaudible] been running through competition, me as one loss in his career,
15 wins and the, then he talks about the loss on the podcast.
You just got caught a rear naked choke, uh, tapped, made a mistake. It happens,
didn't know jujitsu that well, but as a, an elite wrestler,
who's transitioned to become a world-class mixed martial arts fighter.
You don't get much better he's he was scared or he was scary.
Rather everybody was scared of him. Nobody wanted to fight him.
Everybody was ducking him for the law. You,
you never heard anybody call out tomorrow. Ooh, Swan.
When he's running through competition, everybody was like, you know what?
This guy, and then they get to USVI and be like, no, no.
He's uh, he seems like a nice guy. I don't want to fight him.
Colby's my favorite thing to watch right now. I think he's just, uh,
he's just so he,
I think he really gets so many aspects of the basic part of this sport.
Right? Endurance learn, train and be entertaining.
Dude. Have you seen his new suit? No, he's got an orange one now.
And he brings that Donald Trump Jr. Book everywhere. He goes, I love it.
He's got an orange suit, just as gross as the blue one.
It is hilarious.
There's photos of him at the press conference with the orange suit, bro.
He is look at that suit. It looks like it costs less than the blue suit.
I didn't think that was possible. And he's a genius. Listen that this guy,
let me mark. My words. When this guy is done fighting,
he will be a huge pro wrestling star. Oh huge.
And he might do it quick. How about that? He, if he wins,
if that guy wins and maybe he fights Mazda dog, maybe fights one more time.
He goes right into pro wrestling and he may, I try to change.
And what's crazy is that I've been pitching.
We do a wrestling podcast at the comedy store and I've been pitching for years.
Now, read the book.
He said he did the press coverage, reading Donald Trump.
Tutors book.
And I've been pitching for years that the WWE is missing out on having
this pro-Trump super bad guy, character.
And then Colby comes out of nowhere and does it in real life, in the UFC.
And they still haven't done it in WWF. And.
You can't call him a joke. Cause he smashes Robbie Lawler, smashes.
Hofeld Osan. Josee watch him fight like, oh my God, this guy's a.
Uh, record setting performance against Robbie Lawler. 500.
Some punches landed.
No, not just that. He mostly beat him standing up. Yeah.
It was mostly a standup fight.
And he is the guy that you thought of as the wrestler.
And Robbie's the elite striker is a former world champion and Colby ran him
over. It wasn't even a close.
And all this promo stuff that he does,
how good he is at that it's cause he it's,
he wants to be it's cause he's a learner. He came and saw me perform at, uh,
at the improv in uh, in Florida, west Palm beach.
And afterwards we were in the green room and he's like, you know,
I learned a lot about timing and beats from watching you up there tonight.
Give them those, you know what I mean? How you,
how you get these laughs using your timing and your pauses in this.
I need to do more of that. I'm like, yeah, dude. Exactly.
It's so cool to watch a guy that's, you know,
while he being on top of a big business, a lot of, I feel like a lot of people,
you know, their egos, this and that, or it's just about the game, you know?
Right. But it's a genius pursuit and you know, he has openly now said it.
We talked about on the podcast, be saying it.
Now he did it on the Candace Owens show. He's like they were going to cut him.
They're going to cut him. They had told him that his style wasn't fan friendly.
And so he beats Damian mine in Brazil and calls him a bunch of filthy animals.
Everybody goes crazy and they're like, go hold on a second.
We might have something here. So he talked about it on the podcast, like, look,
I got to do something. My career is in jeopardy.
Like I'm going to create a character. So he created this character,
like I've called his fights before. And I called his fights early in his career.
Before that he was just a really tough guy who had a great gas tank,
who I knew from my friend cam Haynes. He trains with cam Hanes.
So just imagine the kind of gas tank this must have.
If you do anything with cam Haynes, you have to have a crazy gas tank.
The scary thing about them, right? It's almost like, again,
it's like a pro wrestling character already. It's like, oh, you don't know.
Even if, if you don't, if, if you don't somehow find a way to finish it,
you're stuck in rounds four and five.
Now it's always going to be championship rounds now with this guy and you're
going to be stuck in there with him.
You can't take them out in one, two or three and you can't maintain that pace.
And if you try to take them out and you empty your gas tank,
he never empties his gas tank. Right. And the thing is about his style.
This thing that he's doing, not as style,
but as a promotion style with the cheap suits and the book,
you think it's a joke, but then you watch his fights.
If you didn't have any information about him and his character and you just
watch his fights, you'd be like, man, this guy's driven. This guy's driven.
But then you add into that, this character and then everybody's pretending,
you know that, oh, that guy's a joke. That guy's a joke.
That joke he's running over everybody,
everybody just because you don't like Trump. And this is like,
it's a genius thing to attach himself to Trump.
Right?
And what's interesting is like even fighters that maybe have paid more dues and
are maybe are more respected. Like if you put them all at the table,
like when we were behind, when we were backstage at MSG and the rocks there,
and Dana's got the new BMF belt and all this stuff's happening,
they were doing that press conference for this one, a max Holloway's on one end.
And they have these guys on another and w being backstage sometimes as a
blessing.
Cause you can hear things that maybe wouldn't notice if you're out front. Right.
And the roars and the cheers and the hoopla and everything was every time he.
We had a good time just sitting there watching it from the sidelines. Wow.
It was great. It's a, it's a,
we were seen as a masterclass in promotion and adaptation.
He adapted,
he created this character and this character is it's so obviously a
character, but it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. I mean,
it's so obvious I'm wearing that suit on purpose.
Like the things that's good looking. No, he's trying to be a dork.
He's trying to be a pro Trump dork. Like if I was Trump,
I'd be a little annoyed. Yeah. I'd be like, Hey man,
I see what the you're doing.
You're making yourself look a goof because you support me. And you know.
Please tell me you're following Colby on Instagram. Right?
Of course I am the best.
The videos with the girls where he just comes out with his hands on their butts.
Hey losers.
Hey nerds.
It's straight up pro-wrestling and super high level pro
wrestling like, like promos that he shoot, look at this.
He's got a Trump hat on instead of, of Trump towers. It's.
Can this style even matches it too. Right? Cause like,
if he was just a quick round one knockout artist, almost like, you know,
sort of like McGregor re-ask right.
I still don't think it works as well as a guy that has a never ending gas tank.
Never in the gas tank and,
and can take a tremendous shot to he's a nightmare for everybody in the
division. Colby,
Covington is a nightmare because he seems like he's playing,
he's doing these promos with all these girls in bikinis.
So reading Donald Trump Junior's book.
He's he's making it seem like he's a goof and you don't
notice along the way that this guy stomping world-class
fighters. I mean stomping them. Yeah. He's amazing.
What he's done is it's like a masterclass in promotion for all the young
fighters coming up.
I don't necessarily think everybody should do what he's doing. Right.
And you know, but if I was in, if I was in his camp,
oh I was one of his friends I would for sure be cheering it on.
I think it's hilarious. It's hilarious. And everybody's mad at him.
Everybody, and it, and it, and it goes two ways, right?
Like even the people that are mad at him are still sort of laughing and you can
usually catch them laughing while booing in between booing.
Why the suit is so genius. Yeah. See, he didn't have to do the suit.
The suit is the piece.
Tinder is his stance because why else would he wear that suit? That's Sue.
Here's what the here's what's genius about the suit.
It's terrible. It's literally one of the suits from dumb and dumber.
That orange suit is the one that likes Jeff Daniels or Jim Carey.
One of them has.
Almost, yeah. Close enough, but they're gross. That's the point. It's like,
he he's doing that on purpose. He's got money. He's a,
he's fighting for the title. He's made money, right?
Oh my God. It's so silly. It almost is. It almost is. No, go back to Colby.
Two suits that he owns.
He doesn't have that suit in, in the, uh, oh, it's just the recent one.
The blue one. He doesn't have the orange one, his Instagram he's slipping.
He's only got the blue one. Ah, it's so funny. But here's the thing, man.
At the end of the day tomorrow loose man is a nightmare for every
living human being. That's 170 pounds. Go back to that real quick here that.
We need to.
Get him that top tomorrow. Oops,
man is a nightmare for every living human that's 170 pounds.
And if I wanted to see him fight a guy that I thought presented a bunch of
unique challenges, I would say Colby,
because Colby has a great wrestling pedigree,
fantastic take down defense. He could wrestle his off.
His cardio's never ending. We saw in the Robbie Lawler fight,
he puts pressure on you. Lands.
Ridiculous tries can stand in there against one of the elite strikers ever in
the welterweight division in Robbie Lawler. So like forget all the Trump.
Forget all the character. And you almost should have a name for that guy that,
but that put that aside, just stylistically stylistically.
It's one of the best matchups you're ever going to find for Uzman.